oh no that's not steve that is alan
helen alan hell
helen alan alan helen
did someone just say my name hey hey hey
hey hey hey you say alan
what are you goons laughing at have you
put something on my back have you
i've not got time for your stupid jokes
right i'm off cheerio
oh someone's put glue on the rock
oh that's what you were laughing at was
it yes very funny
very funny oh have someone put blue on
the rock yes it was that horrible lot
over there
we've got tickets for eric flapton
tonight we're going to be late
rush i'm off go i've stepped in it again
right i'm gonna have to call the fire
brigade now which is embarrassing
and a waste of their valuable time not
to mention a strain on the public purse
let's just hope there isn't a real fire
tonight then who'll be laughing eh
that will be fine we'll just fly off uh
yeah we're the ones will be stuck on a
rock with the flames licking around your
wings
they're right you know i never thought
it would end like this oh
poppy cockrell
[Music]
you